Added changelog for enum serialization changes (#324)
holochain/holochain-client-js: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Fix DhtOps helper functions `getChainOpType`, `getChainOpAction`, `getChainOpEntry` and `getChainOpSignature` to adhere to the new types
### Changed
- Updated types to the new [enum serialization convention](https://docs.rs/holochain_conductor_api/0.5.0-dev.19/holochain_conductor_api/docs/index.html#enum-serialization-convention). The following types are affected:
  - `SignalType`
  - `CellInfo`
  - `InstallAppRequest`
  - `RoleSettings`
  - `DnaSource`
  - `RegisterDnaRequest`
  - `CoordinatorSource`
  - `AppBundleSource`
  - `AppStatusFilter`
  - `CloneCellId`
  - `GrantedFunctions`
  - `CapAccess`
  - `DnaStorageBlob`

>   Enum variants are now consistently `snake_case` and typically distinguished by a `type` attribute, unless for content-less enum variants.

Reviewer: The official name is "unit-like" https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/items/enumerations.html#r-items.enum.path-expr
```suggestion
  Enum variants are now consistently `snake_case` and typically distinguished by a `type` attribute, unless for unit-like enum variants.
```

Author: Addressed with slight adaptation because the initial sentence was already imprecise.

  Example 1:
  ```
  // OLD
  export type AppBundleSource =
    | { bundle: AppBundle }
    | { path: string };

  // NEW
  export type AppBundleSource =
  | {
      type: "path";
      value: string;
    }
  | {
      type: "bundle";
      value: AppBundle;
    };
  ```

>   Example 2 (content-less variants only):

Reviewer: Which in turn is called a unit-only enum =D
```suggestion
  Example 2 (unit-like variants only):
```

Author: addressed.
